Welcome back.
Up until this point we learned that Opie or object oriented programming is a paradigm a way for us to
think about structuring our code.
We went from procedural to writing functions to now using things like object oriented programming.
Now what we've seen is what we call a classical Opie that is we use classes to incorporate Object Oriented
Programming Paradigms we learn that we can create a class in Python with a class keyword.
Using this naming convention which is camel case with capital letter which tells other programmers that
this is a class that needs to get instantiated we learned about class object attributes we learned about
how we can instantiate an object and how we have this init function that runs on every instantiation
to customize our objects.
We learned about how to add methods to our class so that each object that we create and instantiate
has access to these methods.
We also learned that there's things like class method and static methods which are methods that can
be called on the class without actually instantiating it into an object and all of this was that so
we can create our own data type the models the real world.
Now there's still lots more to learn and object oriented programming but if you follow these guidelines
and look at this overall structure that's pretty much it.
That's how classes work in Python and we actually have gained a really powerful tool now to really make
our code better.
Now the idea of object oriented programming require some practice and it's really hard to grasp when
you're just starting out.
We're going to try and do some exercises and learn a few more things about object oriented programming
so that we can really grasp this concept and use it in our everyday programs.
I'll see in the next one.
Bobby.